write a purpose just
say what you're trying
to do as you
can see here the
high level prompt is
very simple this is
a great place to
start it's a terrible
place to end whenever
you start doing repeat
work hand it off
to your agent right
three times marks a
pattern copy whatever you're
doing and just write
it as a high
level prompt and then
move up the levels
from there all right
so in terms of
usefulness and difficulty We're
gonna go ahead and
grade the high level
prompt in the exact
same tier list here.
So you can get
decent value out of
the high level prompt
without putting in much
effort, right? This doesn't
require any skill. Just